so welcome last play your
mixed choir but trios and yes as
one short info s.so fn
I somehow feel as if
this mission of you also has a story
is and I already had it before
Video explains that I prefer complete
stories would have to be as individual
understand what I mean that's when you
even thinks a bit too
stupid if you always 11 mission
checks and everyone with only one
two mission comes mostly alone
only your mission comes that way then
stupid you understand others was too
that their mission is coming and that's why
must be, however
I'll skip this mission
and wait for the complete story
I have just like the other one
have done before this video and
yes then just keep jumping
another spot of grill stripes face
I think I wanted to look between
this concept city in the face
no here it is so boring i look
something to do oh so makes even a short
info to you there is a floor below
a short info to you i have
Here's a cutscene with you
cut away
I recommend now to everyone at
for example, homer sit the mission
instead of that is then completely starts
can not change anything like at
this accounted for a bison I wanted
Something their gold change that but
somehow it was not because the mission
started again
that was stupid and yes something like this
Mission here the mission could still be
to edit
because a specific place is
always packaged here on this mission
So when is not the sentence now
work more and so I show I
also say exactly where it was at
Mike, what are you doing here?
I'm looking for come out you seen that and
after these cats is the packaged
especially always follow the type
Again and again, it is included here from content
This is as to these castings
therefore ab abannt I thought that
quickest out now because it has
no sense crashes again and again
first aid hello my you get here
I wanted to know if the prototype of
this game console works i am
but you can you can still times
test if you want
I am now a bit random here
reason we take the lift of good type
then are we finally arrived
That's the console , too
playstation 5 okay you have to
insert video game and through this door
Go in if you're in the tracklist
to play in it
hohoho and what video games do we have
we just have three games mafia
four grand theft auto 7 and need for
speed which games to play
the facc waits you can not do anything
vote
That 's it, that's it
stripes picture stripes face you have
also happens to have a story or something in it
the kind i hope so because that was a
bit Perlinger's it now now
I would also like to have a story
do not look forward to a single mission
again and again
if not successful at all, well
have had was okay animation very
okay except for both cats go here
once supported otherwise I am glad
me if you have your whole story about
Do you also do that to me as a tory?
fate will be back to you and
homersimpson you also that I have it
unfortunately already too late said so with
end of the line because he did not know
that there are three girls but after
the first look checks this is one
continuation indicates the second I
thought that is one more
but no matter
to my next y emission again
then bite